We learned about all those different lifecycle hooks.
Let's now see them in action.
And I will actually show them in the user's page here.
You simply add such a hook by adding I-N view and then the names so let's say can enter as does the
first of which gets executed.
Now you can enter will be executed by ionic to automatically unlike the angler to life cycle.
You don't need to implement some interface.
And as I already mentioned the English to life cycle it's important that both life cycles coexist.
There still is a component in the end right.
So D-NC are two component lifecycle still applies with on in it and so on.
But additionally ionic will call its own methods.
You can enter will enter and so on the ones you saw on the slide and those will only be called four
components which are used as pages which means all are loaded frood the navigation stack the nav controller.
If you create another component and simply unbaptised in the template fruit's selector you will get
the dangler to lifecycle but not the page lifecycle.
This is important to keep in mind so you can enter.
I will simply log.
I am Buchanon Drew so that we can see that we reach this hook and this hook here actually needs to do
return something a Boolean or a promise wrapping a boolean therefore here we should return TRUE TO Drent
excess or let's change this and rent excess depending on the result of a random number.
So we can store data we can create it Moff random has a built in function which gives us a random number
between 0 and 1 and then we can simply return and allow access if random is graters lets say Dot 2 or
lets make a dot 5 to see a difference so we have a 50/50 chance of being allowed to access this page.
Now if I save this lets see what happens this will recompile our application and if I click on users
while we are successful Let's try again until we fail or we fail.
Now we get an error because we're not allowed to access this page.
But on the home page where I push this page here we're not handling the case that we fail now with Neph
push it's hard to handle this case.
So let's instead add a click listener again and let's say on go to users and let me quickly rewind this
whole duplicators and Calment this out so that you can see old the old code.
So let's add a click listener on go to users and it's implemented here again.
So we already did this before on go to users.
Again make sure to inject the NAF controller.
This should all be fairly familiar until now.
So they have controller make sure to at the import.
And this is the wrong imp or don't know why the idea is doing that.
So make sure to add the right import from ionic angler.
And what doesn't.
That again.
Control or push note not pop push.
And then user this user page.
So if I'm pushing this page and to handle the case that we're not allowed to access this I can catch
any error.
So in the end this will return us a promise which resolves when we see the page or when the push request
was rejected.
So here we can simply catch the error and this will simply be false and console log Access Denied argument
was.
And now here simply error and again error will simply be false in the end.
So if this if we save this we have ongoing users hooked up your lead our app reload and let's try again
until this fails.
Well I'm pretty lucky here.
Now Access Denied argument was false.
So this is the first took I can answer which allows you to control access and we will see examples connected
to offense occasional later in the course after you can enter if you were successful.
We will reach I can view dead load.
Now this won't return anything here.
Does can block access.
We can simply run some code we want to do or we want to run here to initialize things.
For example we could fetch the NAF parents here.
Q So I view debt load as the hook.
I'm logging it to the console so that we can see we're reached as hook and I'm lowering does hurdle
here 2.1 so that it's more probable that we actually get through.
Now after I interviewed ad load we will reach I and you will enter and you will enter is executed right
before we see the view right before it did become active.
So I and you will enter and that will add all the other hooks.
I don't want to bore you.
So I will quickly skip forward.
I just want to pause for a second.
I'm adding I-and you can leave here.
I did already enter at I.m you did enter now can leave again needs to return a boolean or a promise
resolving to a boolean.
So here what I will do is I will create a promise a new promise like this and in this promise I need
to pass in a method which has resolve and reject as arguments these are functions we can execute you
resolve or reject a promise and indeed the Colbeck or excuse me in the body of the function.
I simply want to set a time out set time and let's say one second and after that second I will resolve
and resolve.
True but you could also resolve nothing so the promise can always return with it.
So that's all fine and resolve means you are allowed to exercise as we check would mean you're not.
So with this we are resolving this after one second and here I will return the promise.
So when we try to leave it should actually wait for it one second.
And then this resolves well and this will simply allow us to leave.
And again this should be executed in the callback function of sets time out.
So make sure to make it as a function
like this so now so time is a real function.
First argument is a function which is executed after one second.
And in this function I simply rissoles the promise so normal promise code here returning the promise
after one second we should be allowed to leave now quickly entered the other hooks and then we can see
this all in action.
I've finished adding all the hooks.
I also added a console lock lock to the end.
You can leave Methot And with that advice save this.
Let's see this all in action.
A running application.
Or clean the console for click on users can enter.
Did load will enter did enter.
If I click on max now you can leave and after one second we aren't allowed to leave.
We will leave and we did leave but you don't see will unload and those important will unload was not
cold because our page is cached it is still on our stack of pages.
It's just not the top most one so therefore it's still in the cache.
And if I go back you actually see can enter.
Will enter and did enter.
But you don't see dead load because it wasn't newly created.
It was taken from the stack of pages from the cache so that is what I was mentioning earlier about that
some of the pages are cached.
If I go back here though you see would take 1 second.
Then we execute will leave did leave and then all the will unload.
So now it was removed from the cache because we removed it from the stack of pages.
If I clear this again and go to users again we there for all to see did load again because it was created
again.
It wasn't on the stack of pages it wasn't in the cache.
These are those page lifecycle hooks in action.
Again keep in mind you can use them to Gabr with the normal angler lifecycle hooks.
The difference is angler to lifecycle.
Hooks are executed on every component.
Those I don't view whatever lifecycle hooks are only executed on components which are loaded frood the
nav controller.
So which are pushed to the stack or popped off it.
These are the lifecycle acts and that's a core concept.
You will see from time to time throughout the course especially the navigation guards can leave and
can enter when we work with of indication